Update Saved Object Management docs (#134031)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/managing-saved-objects.asciidoc

=== Copy to other {kib} spaces

To copy a saved object to another space, click the actions icon image:images/actions_icon.png[Actions icon]
and select *Copy to spaces*. From here, you can select the spaces in which to copy the object.
You can also select whether to automatically overwrite any conflicts in the target spaces, or
resolve them manually.

WARNING: The copy operation automatically includes child objects that are related to the saved objects. If you don't want this behavior, use
the <<spaces-api-copy-saved-objects, copy saved objects to space API>> instead.

[float]
[role="xpack"]
[[managing-saved-objects-share-to-space]]
=== Share to other {kib} spaces

To share a saved object to another space -- which makes a single saved object available in multiple spaces -- click the actions icon
image:images/actions_icon.png[Actions icon] and select *Share to spaces*. From here, you can select the spaces in which to share the object,

> or indicate that you want the object to be shared to _All spaces_, which includes those that exist now and any new ones that are creatd in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or indicate that you want the object to be shared to _all spaces_, which includes those that exist now and any created in
```

the future.

> Note that not all saved object types are shareable. If an object is shareable, the Spaces column will show which space(s) it exists in. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all saved object types are shareable. If an object is shareable, the Spaces column shows which spaces it exists in. You
```
